# BNLMV
Code and data for paper titled "Locational Marginal Value of Battery Network"

Battery network, including stationary energy storage (SES) and mobile energy storage (MES), are gaining attention for their role in improving power system flexibility and resilience. However, most studies focus on SES or fail to evaluate the economic contributions of MES to node operations. Additionally, the impact of battery degradation caused by frequent charging and swapping on the value of MES is often overlooked. To address these gaps, we propose a framework to evaluate the locational marginal value (LMV) of a battery network, defined as the cost reduction achieved by adding one unit of battery capacity with a specific state of health (SOH) to MES at a given node. We define functions for battery energy efficiency and capacity based on SOH and develop a model to optimize battery network and power system dispatch, considering battery charging and swapping coordination. Analytical expressions for LMV are derived, capturing their dependence on system operating states and conditions. The LMV is decomposed into three components: the energy reserve component, the energy transportation component, and the locational marginal price component. Using data from China’s power system, we validate the LMV theory through numerical experiments, revealing that using batteries with different SOH results in a 20% difference in the LMV of the battery network, demonstrating its accuracy and value in guiding MES deployment.
